docs/src/index.md, before:

# Taro -- Work with Excel, Word and PDF files in Julia

Taro is a utility belt of functions to work with document files in Julia. It uses [Apache Tika](http://tika.apache.org/), [Apache POI](http://poi.apache.org) and [Apache FOP](https://xmlgraphics.apache.org/fop/)  (via [JavaCall](http://aviks.github.io/JavaCall.jl/)) to work with Word, Excel and PDF files.

##Package Features

 * Extract raw text from Word, Excel, PDF files
 * Extract tabular data from Excel files into a DataFrame (`readxl`, like `readtable`)
 * API to read and write Excel files from Julia
 * Convert `xsl-fo` files to PDFs for automated report generation

##Alternatives

The [ExcelReaders.jl](https://github.com/davidanthoff/ExcelReaders.jl) package also provides Excel file reading functionality. The main difference between the two packages (in terms of Excel functionality) is that [ExcelReaders.jl](https://github.com/davidanthoff/ExcelReaders.jl) uses the Python package [xlrd](https://github.com/python-excel/xlrd) for its processing, whereas Taro uses the Java packages Apache [Tika](http://tika.apache.org/) and Apache [POI](http://poi.apache.org/).

##Installation

```
julia> Pkg.add("Taro")
```

On installation, the `tika-app-1.4.jar` file will be downloaded from *Maven Central*
and `fop-2.0` will be downloaded from an Apache mirror.

##Usage

Before calling any function within this package, the `init()` method *must* be called.
This will set up the correct classpath, and initialise the JVM.

```@example
 using Taro
 Taro.init()
```

Commit message:

Add reason for not loading init implicitly
Fix #32

docs/src/index.md, after:

# Taro -- Work with Excel, Word and PDF files in Julia

Taro is a utility belt of functions to work with document files in Julia. It uses [Apache Tika](http://tika.apache.org/), [Apache POI](http://poi.apache.org) and [Apache FOP](https://xmlgraphics.apache.org/fop/)  (via [JavaCall](http://aviks.github.io/JavaCall.jl/)) to work with Word, Excel and PDF files.

## Package Features

 * Extract raw text from Word, Excel, PDF files
 * Extract tabular data from Excel files into a DataFrame (`readxl`, like `readtable`)
 * API to read and write Excel files from Julia
 * Convert `xsl-fo` files to PDFs for automated report generation

## Alternatives

The [ExcelReaders.jl](https://github.com/davidanthoff/ExcelReaders.jl) package also provides Excel file reading functionality. The main difference between the two packages (in terms of Excel functionality) is that [ExcelReaders.jl](https://github.com/davidanthoff/ExcelReaders.jl) uses the Python package [xlrd](https://github.com/python-excel/xlrd) for its processing, whereas Taro uses the Java packages Apache [Tika](http://tika.apache.org/) and Apache [POI](http://poi.apache.org/).

## Installation

```
julia> Pkg.add("Taro")
```

On installation, the `tika-app-1.4.jar` file will be downloaded from *Maven Central*
and `fop-2.0` will be downloaded from an Apache mirror.

## Usage

Before calling any function within this package, the `init()` method *must* be called.
This will set up the correct classpath, and initialise the JVM.

```@example
 using Taro
 Taro.init()
```
Note: The reason why we do not run init() automatically on module load has to do with the fact that only one embedded JVM can be loaded per process. We need to set the classpath when we start the JVM. Thus, when we load two different packages which both depend on the JVM, we need provide the ability for all packages to modify the Java classpath.
